And when the teacher comes, creates a profile, he also writes his own fee that I will teach for so many hours, I will be number one at this time. After that, he can also give his Easypaisa legitimate cash number for which he will get payment, but there will be a seven-day free trial in which he will teach the student first, after that if the student wants to study with him, then the payment will be made to him. The website will keep its 30 percent commission. And all this data should also be collected in an Excel sheet, separate for teachers, separate for students, separate for general public. There will be four types of people, so everyone's data should also be collected separately in a Google sheet, which should have a payment option, how many classes have been attended, whatever has been done, the download option should be mandatory in the admin panel, for each person separately, if they want to complete it, it can also be completed, the complete data of students, the complete data of teachers, downloading Google sheet or Excel sheet CSV file. Current Class *And what you have written, the Noorani Qaida of the Holy Quran or the literal translation or the translation of the interpretation, then in it you only have to write Noorani Qaida and the Holy Quran and the scholar and the scholar because if it is a girl, she will take the course of the scholar. If it is a boy, he will take the course of the scholar. If he is a Hafiz, he will learn memorization. If he wants to read the translation, he will learn the translation, whether he is a girl or a boy. If he wants to learn Noorani Qaida or he wants to read it in the same way, with pronunciation, then it should be written in this way. After that, there should be a chat option where you can chat, ask questions, get answers and get answers. We have to integrate AIB with it. We have also added that chat and WhatsApp chat. Otherwise, no teacher will have any connection with WhatsApp and the student will not be on WhatsApp. The student will talk to the admin directly and his work will be on the website itself. He will take the admission from the admin. Everything will be here. After that, when they admit a teacher, then that teacher will get his link to the group, he will teach in the same group, but that link will be available to the student on the website. The teacher will also paste the link on the website. Those who study with the students, then they will all be able to see it there, where there will be a chat option. All the students will be able to see it with their profile.


